(DOCS-4351) Make language more accessible (#15957)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/_index.md

#### Time aggregation

> Datadog stores a large volume of points, and in most cases it’s not possible to display all of them on a graph. There would be more datapoints than pixels. Datadog uses time aggregation to solve this problem by combining data points into time buckets. For example, when examining four hours, data points are combined into two-minute buckets. This is called a _rollup_. As the time interval you've defined for your query increases, the granularity of your data decreases.

Author: ```suggestion
Datadog stores a large volume of points, and in most cases it's not possible to display all of them on a graph. There would be more datapoints than pixels. Datadog uses time aggregation to solve this problem by combining data points into time buckets. For example, when examining four hours, data points are combined into two-minute buckets. This is called a _rollup_. As the time interval you've defined for your query increases, the granularity of your data decreases.
```
